describe any interrelated projects you
have and where they live. At Warp, we
have three repositories that relate to
each other. There's Warp Server with our
server side code, Warp Internal, which
is our client app, and Warp Proto APIs,
which stores the API schema they use to
talk to each other. This is best set up
as a global rule for your agent, and
I've done that here in Warp. Here I've
described the three repositories we have
and some practices to update the schema
and update types across repositories.
This is great when I make changes in the
future because as soon as the coding
agent updates the schema, it knows to CD
into warp server and update the types
there. Then do the same on the client.